How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    with the + and -

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

make me more organised and easier to find mistakes

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    incase you make a mistake or don't like the changes its easier to go back in history with git

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    it track changes easier

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You didn't show me yet you fuck!

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Because you can always go back

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    keep track of my apps


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If you make a mistake or don't like your changes it make its easier to go back to later version




What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually is good for when you made a logical change to a program. Automatically saving can save changes unessarily to changes not yet done

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Makes managing changes to files easier

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Use them together. Use get log lookup all the commit's and you diff to compare to them


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It good to know I can try to add new funtions to my app without breaking something and not being able to go back

